Add AGENTS.md with project overview, build instructions, and assembly… (#1405)
Rangi42/polishedcrystal: AGENTS.md

# AGENTS.md — Polished Crystal

## Project Overview

> Pokémon Polished Crystal is a ROM hack of Pokémon Crystal built on the [pret/pokecrystal](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal) disassembly. The entire codebase is **Game Boy Z80 assembly** (GBZ80), assembled with [RGBDS](https://rgbds.gbdev.io/). Supporting tools are written in **C** and **Python 3**. The target output is a `.gbc` ROM file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pokémon Polished Crystal is a ROM hack of Pokémon Crystal built on the [pret/pokecrystal](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal) disassembly. The entire codebase is **Game Boy assembly** (SM83), assembled with [RGBDS](https://rgbds.gbdev.io/). Supporting tools are written in **C** and **Python 3**. The target output is a `.gbc` ROM file.
```

> Last Released version: **3.2.3**. RGBDS version required: **1.0.1**.

Reviewer: Is this really necessary or helpful? It's just another place to keep track of when updating either version. Can it be told to check `VERSION` in the Makefile for the PC version, and .rgbds-version for the required RGBDS version?

## Build Instructions

### Prerequisites

> - **RGBDS 1.0.1** (`rgbasm`, `rgblink`, `rgbfix`, `rgbgfx`) — install system-wide or place binaries in a `rgbds/` directory at the repo root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RGBDS** (`rgbasm`, `rgblink`, `rgbfix`, `rgbgfx`) — install system-wide or place binaries in a `rgbds/` directory at the repo root.
```
